In previous video, I showed you that what
happen if we don't have Exception handling mechanism.
I have shown you some Exception Handling and syntax in Java.
In this video, I'm going to show you a program that will show you if exception
happens and I am using some exception handling mechanism to deal with that.
So here's our program.
In this program, I'm trying to use 100 divided by 0,
which should give me Exceptional here.
But if I catch that,
this a try-catch block and let's see what happens.
Let me run this, and I should get something like this in my console.
So we're saying what the exception is,
I'm printing the exception stack trace.
But the rest of my code is still running.
If I'm ticking off this block,
my distributed won't be executed.
So in this program I'll show you how important it
is to have exception handling mechanism.
So that even as you happen the rest the code will still run.